Reconstructing the user manual (#305)
megaease/easeprobe: docs/Manual.md

* `HTTP_AUTHORIZATION`
* `HTTP_TIMEOUT`

> Ease Probe supports multiple configuration files, just simply using `-f` indicate the directory of the configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EaseProbe supports multiple configuration files, with the use of the command line flag `-f` which indicates the directory of the configuration files.
```

```shell
easeprobe -f /path/to/conf
```

> And the configuration file should be versioned, the version should be aligned with the EaseProbe binary version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file should be versioned, the version should be aligned with the EaseProbe binary version.
```

```yaml
version: v1.5.0
```

> The full configuration template you can get from [here](../resources/config.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the full configuration template [here](../resources/config.yaml)
```
